I have chosen 3 Winograd questions and modified the prompt to request explanation, Shown below are the answers from GPT-4

Prompt (original question): The cat chased the mouse because it was hungry. What was hungry?
Prompt (question + request explanation): TThe cat chased the mouse because it was hungry. What was hungry, and why?
GPT-4 answer: The cat was hungry. It chased the mouse because it needed food to satisfy its hunger.

Prompt (original question): The town councilors refused to give the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence. Who feared violence?
Prompt (question + request explanation): The town councilors refused to give the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence. Who feared violence, and why?
GPT-4 answer: The town councilors feared violence. They feared violence because they were concerned that the demonstration could escalate and lead to violent incidents, putting public safety at risk.
Winograd question: The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast. What was going fast?

Prompt (original question): The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast. What was going fast?
Prompt (question + request explanation): The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast. What was going fast, and why?
GPT-4 answer: The delivery truck was going fast. It was going fast likely because the driver was trying to complete deliveries quickly or was in a hurry for some other reason.


Given the results above, GPT-4 has shown impressive rcommonsense reasoning abilities in various tasks, including answering Winograd Schema Challenge questions. 
It can often provide adequate answers and explanations, which demonstrates its capability to understand the context and relationships within 
a sentence.

It is defintely possible to engineer some prompt formats, so that the outputs make more sense,
since some sentence have complicated and oftern confusing context.
One of the most useful ways to engineer prompt is to provide examples and add context to the questions.
In the question above, I could provide the exmaple of elephant being too big to fit in the suitcase 
given in class to help the LLM further understand what is being asked.

Another way to engineer prompt is to ask for step-by-step explanations.
This can often help the LLM walk through the sentence in more detail,
undertanding the context and relationships more deeply.